Update the descriptions for sql_database_instance disk_size and disk_autoresize (#11005)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/sql_database_instance.html.markdown

* `enable_google_ml_integration` - (Optional) Enables [Cloud SQL instances to connect to Vertex AI](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/postgres/integrate-cloud-sql-with-vertex-ai) and pass requests for real-time predictions and insights. Defaults to `false`.

> * `disk_autoresize` - (Optional) Enables auto-resizing of the storage size. Defaults to `true`. Note that future terraform apply calls will attempt to delete the instance in order to resize the disk to the value specified in disk_size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `disk_autoresize` - (Optional) Enables auto-resizing of the storage size. Defaults to `true`. Note that if `disk_size` is set, future `terraform apply` calls will attempt to delete the instance in order to resize the disk to the value specified in disk_size if it has been resized. To avoid this, ensure that `lifecycle.ignore_changes` is applied to `disk_size`.
```

* `disk_autoresize_limit` - (Optional) The maximum size to which storage capacity can be automatically increased. The default value is 0, which specifies that there is no limit.

> * `disk_size` - (Optional) The size of data disk, in GB. Size of a running instance cannot be reduced but can be increased. The minimum value is 10GB. Note that future terraform apply calls will attempt to delete the instance in order to expand the instance if disk_autoresize is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `disk_size` - (Optional) The size of data disk, in GB. Size of a running instance cannot be reduced but can be increased. The minimum value is 10GB. Note that this value will override the resizing from `disk_autoresize` if that feature is enabled. To avoid this, set `lifecycle.ignore_changes` on this field.
```

Author: Applied the changes.
